Team member 1: Bala Subramani, Abitha
Team member 2: Varshini Ramakrishnan
Github handle: abi1402
Final score: 30.25 / 32

Question 1 feedback - score: 9.75
ResNet-18 setup: pre-trained weights, final FC layer replaced (max 0.5 pts): 0.5 pts
ViT-base Setup: pre-trained weights, model head replaced  (max 0.5 pts): 0.5 pts
Training Loop: train/val loss and accuracy per epoch; saves best checkpoint (max 0.75 pts): 0.75 pts
Fine-tuning Strategy: justify freezing/unfreezing decisions  (max 0.25 pts): 0 pts
Data augmentation (max 0.25 pts): 0.25 pts
Correct evaluation on test set (max 0.25 pts): 0.25 pts
Correct confusion matrix for both ResNet and ViT (max 0.5 pts): 0.5 pts
Report: Description of challenges encountered (max 1.5 pts): 1.5 pts
Report: Model Comparison (max 1.5 pts): 1.5 pts
Based on accuracy: 4 pts (both models > 80%); 3 pts (both models > 75%); 2 pts (1 model > 75%); 1 pts (both models < 70%) : 4 pts

Question 2 feedback - score: 8.5
In general good code implementation. Furthermore, some points are deducted as the gradcam visualization is not interpolated to the higher dimension of the source image, making interpretation unclear. The interpretation about adjacent skin in ViT is incorrect. The attention should be focused on the lesion, not surrounding skin, which is generally speaking an irrelevant feature, if not harmful to actual prediction.

Question 3 feedback - score: 10
Correctness of LoRA Configuration (max 1 pt): 1 pts
Correctness of Training Parameter Configuration (max 1 pt): 1 pts
Taining loop runs successfully and records a convergence curve (max 1 pt): 1 pts
The base model is correctly loaded and used for inference (max 1 pt): 1 pts
The fine-tuned model is correctly loaded and used for inference  (max 1 pt): 1 pts
LoRA Configuration - explain the meaning of each hyperparameter and why it matters, justify the choice of hyperparameter configuration (max 1 pt): 1 pts
Training Configuration - explain why the hyperparameters matter for training, justify training parameter configuration (max 1 pt): 1 pts
Training Procedure - visualize and discuss the convergence curve (max 1 pt): 1 pts
Baseline Comparison - Which model performs better?  Does the LoRA fine-tuned model genuinely outperform the base model and is it more clinically appropriate? (max 1 pt): 1 pts
Baseline  Comparison - What additional steps could be taken to further improve performance? (max 1 pt): 1 pts
General Feedback: Well implemented code and organized report.

Question 4 feedback - score: 2
Nice report and implementation. One note about measuring RAG performance, you don't just measure the accuracy of the final generation, rather it's a combination of retrieval metrics (precision and recall for context for example). When you're experimenting with different chunk sizes, measusing your retrieval performance is more important than the accuracy of the final generation. Also a note on source node scores. You may find text which reads very semantically similar but contain no information to answer a query and the opposite as well. Which is why for evaluations, we create QA pairs with hard negatives to test the robustness of RAG pipelines.
